{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red46\green174\blue187;
\red47\green180\blue29;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c100000;\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c20196\c73240\c78250;
\cssrgb\c20238\c73898\c14947;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 \CocoaLigature0  GNU nano 4.8                      ansible.cfg                                 \cf3 \cb1 \
\cf4 #   * True = use scp only\cf3 \
\cf4 #   * False = use sftp only\cf3 \
\cf4 #scp_if_ssh = smart\cf3 \
\
\cf4 # Control the mechanism for transferring files (new)\cf3 \
\cf4 # If set, this will override the scp_if_ssh option\cf3 \
\cf4 #   * sftp  = use sftp to transfer files\cf3 \
\cf4 #   * scp   = use scp to transfer files\cf3 \
\cf4 #   * piped = use 'dd' over SSH to transfer files\cf3 \
\cf4 #   * smart = try sftp, scp, and piped, in that order [default]\cf3 \
\cf4 #transfer_method = smart\cf3 \
\
\cf4 # if False, sftp will not use batch mode to transfer files. This may cause some\cf3 \
\cf4 # types of file transfer failures impossible to catch however, and should\cf3 \
\cf4 # only be disabled if your sftp version has problems with batch mode\cf3 \
\cf4 #sftp_batch_mode = False\cf3 \
\
\cf4 # The -tt argument is passed to ssh when pipelining is not enabled because sudo\cf3 \
\cf4 # requires a tty by default. \cf3 \
\cf4 #usetty = True\cf3 \
\
\cf4 # Number of times to retry an SSH connection to a host, in case of UNREACHABLE.\cf3 \
\cf4 # For each retry attempt, there is an exponential backoff,\cf3 \
\cf4 # so after the first attempt there is 1s wait, then 2s, 4s etc. up to 30s (max).\cf3 \
\cf4 #retries = 3\cf3 \
\

\f1\b \cf5 [persistent_connection]
\f0\b0 \cf3 \
\
\cf4 # Configures the persistent connection timeout value in seconds.  This value is\cf3 \
\cf4 # how long the persistent connection will remain idle before it is destroyed.\cf3 \
\cf4 # If the connection doesn't receive a request before the timeout value\cf3 \
\cf4 # expires, the connection is shutdown. The default value is 30 seconds.\cf3 \
\cf4 #connect_timeout = 30\cf3 \
\
\cf4 # The command timeout value defines the amount of time to wait for a command\cf3 \
\cf4 # or RPC call before timing out. The value for the command timeout must\cf3 \
\cf4 # be less than the value of the persistent connection idle timeout (connect_tim\cf2 \cb3 >\cf3 \cb1 \
\cf4 # The default value is 30 second.\cf3 \
\cf4 #command_timeout = 30\cf3 \
\

\f1\b \cf5 [accelerate]
\f0\b0 \cf3 \
\cf4 #accelerate_port = 5099\cf3 \
\cf4 #accelerate_timeout = 30\cf3 \
\cf4 #accelerate_connect_timeout = 5.0\cf3 \
\
\cf4 # The daemon timeout is measured in minutes. This time is measured\cf3 \
\cf4 # from the last activity to the accelerate daemon.\cf3 \
\cf4 #accelerate_daemon_timeout = 30\cf3 \
\
\cf4 # If set to yes, accelerate_multi_key will allow multiple\cf3 \
\cf4 # private keys to be uploaded to it, though each user must\cf3 \
\cf4 # have access to the system via SSH to add a new key. The default\cf3 \
\cf4 # is "no".\cf3 \
\cf4 #accelerate_multi_key = yes\cf3 \
\

\f1\b \cf5 [selinux]
\f0\b0 \cf3 \
\cf4 # file systems that require special treatment when dealing with security context\cf3 \
\cf4 # the default behaviour that copies the existing context or uses the user defau\cf2 \cb3 >\cf3 \cb1 \
\cf4 # needs to be changed to use the file system dependent context.\cf3 \
\cf4 #special_context_filesystems=nfs,vboxsf,fuse,ramfs,9p,vfat\cf3 \
\
\cf4 # Set this to yes to allow libvirt_lxc connections to work without SELinux.\cf3 \
\cf4 #libvirt_lxc_noseclabel = yes\cf3 \
\

\f1\b \cf5 [colors]
\f0\b0 \cf3 \
\cf4 #highlight = white\cf3 \
\cf4 #verbose = blue\cf3 \
\cf4 #warn = bright purple\cf3 \
\cf4 #error = red\cf3 \
\cf4 #debug = dark gray\cf3 \
\cf4 #deprecate = purple\cf3 \
\cf4 #skip = cyan\cf3 \
\cf4 #unreachable = red\cf3 \
\cf4 #ok = green\cf3 \
\cf4 #changed = yellow\cf3 \
\cf4 #diff_add = green\cf3 \
\cf4 #diff_remove = red\cf3 \
\cf4 #diff_lines = cyan\cf3 \
\
\

\f1\b \cf5 [diff]
\f0\b0 \cf3 \
\cf4 # Always print diff when running ( same as always running with -D/--diff )\cf3 \
\cf4 # always = no\cf3 \
\
\cf4 # Set how many context lines to show in diff\cf3 \
\cf4 # context = 3\cf3 \
\
}